TorrentNet - p2p decentralized internet (placeholder name for now, although I like it)
=======================

Node is: a user with a 128-bit(?) UID, that can keep track of, download, and redistribute content
Object is: any content on the network.  Each object has a 128-bit(?) UID

Users
--------
	A user's ID is just a hash, the and data used to generate this hash doesn't really matter,
		but it must create a hash has an extremely high probability of being unique.
		How different it is from other ID's kind of matters, too.  We might end up in a situtation
			where some ID's are clustered together, while others are spaced far apart from others.
			This would mean the nodes with IDs spaced far apart have significantly more load with 
			object look-ups than the clustered ones.  This could be a good thing or a bad thing 
			depending on how we implement it.
	Users keep a list of nodes with ID's close to theirs.
	A user's ID should not indicate anything about the user, such as when it connected, who it first contacted, etc.  This is why we're using hashes.

Objects
-----------
	The object's ID should be as unique as possible so as to avoid users getting the wrong object
	The node with the UID closest to the object's UID is responsible for keeping track of everyone who has a copy of the object.
		//TODO:  THIS IS PROBABLY A VERY BAD STRATEGY:  A node unlucky enough to have an ID similar to a very popular
			object could potentially have to keep track of thousands of users with a copy of it.
			
			Perhaps limit the amount of nodes that distribute copies of an object?  That way a single node
				could keep track of them without too much overhead, and updates, deletions, etc wouldn't
				be too difficult.
					A node that has just received a copy of an object would then contact the node keeping track of it
						with a message to add them to its list.  If the list is already full, the tracking node sends a message
						back to the node with the copy so that it knows it doesn't have to distribute the object.
			Updates could work as such: The author of a object (how do we keep track of who that is anonymously?) sends an
				update message to the node keeping track of the object, which then sends an update message to the nodes that
				actually have copies of the object, which then either fetch the updated version or invalidate their copies and tell
				the node keeping track of the object to remove them from its list.
			Assuming a limited amount of nodes distribute copies of an object, the node keeping track of the object could then
				send keepalive messages to all the nodes with a copy, and update its list if any of them disconnect or delete their copy.
			
	Objects can be static data such as documents, or it could be something dynamic like a database or a script.
	Objects are redistributed if possible, to make content highly decentralized.
	Objects should be distributed with a bittorrent-like method, sending little pieces from multiple nodes for large objects.
	Objects will have flags set that define what they are and what can be done with them:
		Media type flag
		Should copy flag -- Mainly for use with dynamic objects, indicates that a node should copy the object and help serve other users with it (ie, run the script, look up something, etc)
			For example, a database would probably have this flag set to false, since copying an entire database and keeping it updated wouldn't be practical, unfortunately.
	Users (and other objects) should be able to send and receive data to and from dynamic objects such as scripts.
	Objects can list sub-objects, and meta-data about their use in the object.  This is useful for scripts since programmer's won't have to know the sub-object's UID ahead of time;
		The meta-data can just map name strings to UID's
		//TODO: sub-objects should have UID's close to that of their parent objects, to minimize DHT legwork when getting them.

	//Idea for making sure malicious users can't just create their own object and steal the ID of another
		Make there be two ways of adding object references to a node; a "create_object" message and a "add_distributor" message.
			"create_object" is only accepted by the reference-managing-node if the node doesn't know of any other object with a that ID.
			"add_distributor" can only be issued by a node that the reference-managing-node knows has a copy of an object.
				So, if the reference-managing-node knows Node A has an object, and Node B gets a copy of the object and wants to
				distribute it, Node B notifys Node A, which then sends a "add_distributor" message to the managing node.
				
				There is still one problem with this that could be exploited:  If the reference-managing-node shuts down all of a sudden without
					first transferring its references to a nearby node, a malicious user could swoop in and claim ID's by being the first to send
					"create_object" requests to the nearest managing node.
					
					Having adjacent managing nodes keep copies of each other's references (just not doing keep-alive on them unless the adjacent
					node becomes disconnected) could mitigate the issue, but probably wouldn't eliminate it entirely.

Proxying
--------
	One node can act as a proxy for another
	This is to help ensure a node can get the object it wants even if it can't access any of the nodes with copies of it.
	A node that needs an object to delivered by proxy can issue a "can see" request to other nodes, to determine
		which nodes can access the object.
	Multiple nodes that can see the object can share the load of proxying it.
	
Possible additional proxying feature: Tor-style secure proxying
---------------------------------------------------------------
	A node wishing to do this generates a random list of UIDs, and then finds the nodes with UIDs closest to the ones in the list.
	Then it sends decryption keys to those nodes. (Is this a secure thing to do? I cannot into encryption.)
	Then, when sending messages, it generates them like this:
		{FDF (Final Destination Flag), next node's ip and portnum if FDF == false:
			[layer of encryption to be decrypted by the next node:
				{FDF, next node's ip and portnum if FDF == false:
					[layer of encryption to be decrypted by the next node:
						{...:
							{message data}
						}
					]
				}
			]
		}

TODO: Encrypted traffic
----------------
	Obviously, this is a feature torrentnet must have.
	TLS, maybe?

TODO: How would a web site work?
-----------------------------------------------------
	It would be a collection of object UID's
	It could be an object itself?
	It would have to handle updates, so that old versions of objects from the site are invalidated quickly.
		Such that a new user requesting the site's content doesn't get an old version.
		//TODO: make a strategy for reliable updates, so as to mimimize the possibility of nodes not getting
			the message to update their content and continuing to distribute outdated copies of objects.
	It would also have to keep track of who can issue updates.
		This, along with security-related stuff, may be where things have to be centralized to some degree.  We wouldn't want to be sending out a list username:password pairs
			to anyone who views a website.

TODO: How would a search engine work?
-------------------------------------

TODO: figure out if, and if so, how a decentralized database would work in torrentnet
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	As in, how to keep it decentralized, while still allowing its content to be updated frequently
	And how to make sure user's are always getting the latest version of its content
